PLAT-129114: Update "Hello, Enact" documentation (#161)
enactjs/docs: src/pages/docs/tutorials/tutorial-hello-enact/basics/index.md

github: https://github.com/enactjs/docs/blob/develop/src/pages/docs/tutorials/tutorial-hello-enact/basics/index.md
order: 1
---

> Hang on to your hats, we're going to write some code and get this app running! In this section, we're going to [create our first module](#building-the-app-module), [see how the application is rendered](#rendering-the-app) into the DOM, and [bundle and run the app](#running-the-app). Let's get started.

Reviewer: I think 2 spaces were intended here.

Author: Reverted 2 spaces.

Author: Reverted to 2 spaces

> ```js

Reviewer 2: The line 54, ES6 link broken

Author: It seems that the link ES6's address is changed recently.
Fixed.

import React from 'react';
```
We only have a single import right now but it's a very important one. With Enact, we've decided to build on top of the very popular [React library](https://reactjs.org) from Facebook. The `react` module provides the tools necessary to create and compose components. Rendering is handled by another module, `react-dom`, which will be discussed [later](#rendering-the-app).

<!-- link to a "why" post --> 

#### App component

> You may not know it, but `App` is a component.  The simplest type of React component is a [Stateless Function](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html#hooks-and-function-components) that accepts a `props` object and returns a [React element](https://reactjs.org/blog/2015/12/18/react-components-elements-and-instances.html). For this first version of Hello Enact!, we do not accept any properties so we can safely omit that argument. Instead, we will render the greeting within a `<div>` DOM node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may not know it, but `App` is a component.  The simplest type of React component is a [Stateless Function](https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html#function-and-class-components) that accepts a `props` object and returns a [React element](https://reactjs.org/blog/2015/12/18/react-components-elements-and-instances.html). For this first version of Hello Enact!, we do not accept any properties so we can safely omit that argument. Instead, we will render the greeting within a `<div>` DOM node.
```

Author: The suggested link looks better. Thank you.

	</div>
);
```

> You'll notice that by introducing `<div>` we no longer have valid JavaScript! In fact, it looks a lot like valid HTML. That's because React introduces [JSX](https://reactjs.org/docs/jsx-in-depth.html), which is a JavaScript syntax extension. In order to make JSX runnable by the browser, it has to be converted to JavaScript. With Enact, this is handled during the build process using [webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) and [babel](https://babeljs.io/). More on this [later](#running-the-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll notice that by introducing `<div>` we no longer have valid JavaScript! In fact, it looks a lot like valid HTML. That's because React introduces [JSX](https://reactjs.org/docs/jsx-in-depth.html), which is a JavaScript syntax extension. In order to make JSX runnable by the browser, it has to be converted to JavaScript. With Enact, this is handled during the build process using [webpack](http://webpack.github.io) and [babel](https://babeljs.io). More on this [later](#running-the-app).
```

Author: It will be fixed.

#### Exporting the App

> 

Reviewer 2: Again, line 105, ES6 module link broken

Author: Fixed
